# andela-bootcamp
More Recipe Project:
- Home page- you can view Recipes with the most views, recently added recipes, and all recipe. Template- click on the first baked alaska to get a view of the Recipe page. Click on the sign in link to go to the Sign in page, click on All Recipes link t go to all-recipes page
- Sign In page- you can create a new user or sign in as an existing user. Template- click on More-Recipe logo o go back to the home page
- Recipe page - you can view the details of a recipe, see how many votes they have, favourite the recipe and review the recipe as a registered user. Template - click username to go to User-Recipe page.
- User-Recipe page- you can see the details of the user who posted the recipe, and all other recipes that user has posted. Template- click on + icon to go to Create-Recipe page, click on star icon to go to Favorites section, click on username to either go to user profile or sign out (not implemented yet), click on More-Recipe logo o go back to the home page
- Create-Recipe page - you can submit a recipe by inputing the rquired details. Template- click on star icon to go to Favorites section, click on username to either go to user profile or sign out (not implemented yet), click on More-Recipe logo o go back to the home page
- Favorites section- you can view all the recipes that have been favorited by user. Template- click on + icon to go to Create-Recipe page, click on username to either go to user profile or sign out (not implemented yet), click on More-Recipe logo to go back to the home page
- User-Account page, you can view and update the details of a user, change user password, submit a new recipe and view a list of all submitted recipes, view a list of your Favoorited recipes. Template- click on + icon to go to Create-Recipe page, click on More-Recipe logo to go back to the home page
